
Step by step guide : 
The Folder called 'Test-copy' is filled with open-source images  for testing the models
on your own pc or laptop.
look for open_content path then you see 'test' which you replace the file name  for the model to use the image tot test on.
 

Dataset for testing : 
You would need to rename the Folder to allow the model to read the dataset and run.
I also added more image to the 4100, so it is slightly more to test.
You can delete the images to suit your computer memory.
!!!Make sure to have the image in jpeg or png format if you want to add more images into your own dataset.!!!

If you like to add more images, then make sure the images are in png or jpeg format as 
if using a different format might stop the model from working. 

Make sure to download this version of python : 
https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-370/


If your stuck on : how do I know what version of python I have. Go to the command prompt/cmd.
Then type python in the console and it will display what python version you have. 


If, you don't have the right version. Go on youtube or google on "how to remove python out of your system" then the issue is solved. 
 When you have installed, 3.7.0 first step is done. 
 2nd step is to download Tensorflow then you should be ready to go. 


to download the rest of what software is required.
You can download by 
going into the command prompt when you  put cmd in the dir of any FER version  which displays screenshot of me putting in the cmd 
and having the command prompt to show. 
Then you type this in. 

To install all the dependencies automatically run the following command:

pip install -r requirements.txt

To run the program just run the following command:

python AppFinal.py
Then you have eveything installed. 

Run the model intruction 

 To Run The Model.

 be in the file directory and where it shows: This PC >  document > Fer 
 then you double click in that section as put as cmd and press enter
 Then you typee this as follows: 
cd Scripts 
activate 
cd ..
python AppFinal.py 
press: enter
This will start to run the testing model. 
You will have to make sure to write python before any file directory of example.py 

then if testing is done  after giving out a speed time
then type as follows: deactivate 

youtube video : 


